it happened after this that Nahash the
king of the people of ammon died and his
son reigned in his place then David said
I will show kindness to Haman the son of
Nahas because his father showed kindness
to me so David sent messengers to
comfort him concerning his father and
David's servants came to Haman in the
land of the people of ammon to comfort
him and the princes of the people of
ammon said to hainan do you think that
David really honors your father because
he has sent comforters to you did his
servants not come to you to search and
to overthrow and despite out the land
therefore hainan took David's servants
shaved them and cut off their garments
in the middle at their buttocks and sent
them away and some went and told David
about the men and he sent to meet them
because the men were greatly ashamed and
the King said wait at Jericho until your
beards have grown and then returned
when the people of ammon saw that they
had made themselves repulsive to David
Heyman and the people of Ammon sent a
thousand talents of silver to hire for
themselves chariots and horsemen from
Mesopotamia from Syrian America and from
zubur so they hired for themselves
32,000 chariots with the king of America
and his people who came and encamped
before meda burr also the people of
Ammon gathered together from their
cities and came to battle now when David
heard of it he sent Joab and all the
army of the mighty men realm the people
of Ammon came out and put themselves in
battle away before the gate of the city
and the kings who had come were by
themselves in the field when George saw
that the battle line was against him
before and behind
he chose some of Israel's best and put
them in battle array against the sea and
the rest of the people he put under the
command of a by shot his brother and
they set themselves in battle array
against the people of Ammon then he said
if the Syrians are too strong for me
then you shall help me but if the people
of Ammon are too strong for you and I
will help you be of good courage and let
us be strong for our people and for the
cities of our God and may the Lord do
what is good in his sight so Joanne and
the people who were with him drew near
for the battle against the Syrians and
they fled before
when the people of ammon saw that the
Syrians were fleeing they also fled
before a by shot his brother and entered
the city
so Joab went to Jerusalem
now when the Syrians saw that they had
been defeated by Israel they sent
messengers and brought the Syrians who
were beyond the river and show 'fuck the
commander of had a DZ's army went before
them when it was told David he gathered
all Israel lost over the Jordan and came
upon them and set up in battle array
against them when David had set up in
battle array against the Syrians they
fought
[Music]
when the Syrians fled before Israel and
David killed 7,000 charioteers
and 40,000 foot soldiers of the Syrians
and killed show fact the commander of
the army and when the servants of Haider
diese saw that they were defeated by
Israel they made peace with David and
became his servants
so the Syrians were not willing to help
the people of ammon anymore